[SEC-24729][docs] clarify that suppressions are evaluated at signal creation time (#36030)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/suppressions.md

Suppressions are specific conditions for when a signal should not be generated, which can improve the accuracy and relevance of the signals that are generated.

{{< callout btn_hidden="true" header="Suppression evaluation" >}}

> There are two types of suppression queries: suppression on **signal attributes** and suppression on **log or event attributes**. Signal-based suppressions are only evaluated at the time a signal is created. They are not re-evaluated when a signal is updated. Log or event attribute suppressions prevent matching events from new signals and updated existing signals, making this approach the recommended one to reliably exclude specific activity.

Reviewer: Does this work for you?

```suggestion
There are two types of suppression queries: suppression on **signal attributes** and suppression on **log or event attributes**. Signal-based suppressions are only evaluated at the time a signal is created. They are not re-evaluated when a signal is updated. Log and event attribute suppressions prevent matching events from new signals and updated existing signals. Datadog recommends using log and event attribute suppressions to reliably exclude specific activity.
```

Author: Ah yes, And the shorter sentence makes it easier to understand.

Author: I committed your suggestion: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/36030/changes/25ce71e6d66a06f8aa2babf4ea0f1a08261cdea2

> There are two types of suppression queries: suppression on **signal attributes** and suppression on **log or event attributes**. Signal-based suppressions are only evaluated at the time a signal is created—they are not re-evaluated when a signal is updated. Log or event attribute suppressions prevent matching events from both generating new signals and updating existing ones, making them the recommended approach to reliably exclude specific activity.

Reviewer: > making them the recommended approach to reliably exclude specific activity.

What is "them" referring to?

```suggestion
There are two types of suppression queries: suppression on **signal attributes** and suppression on **log or event attributes**. Signal-based suppressions are only evaluated at the time a signal is created. They are not re-evaluated when a signal is updated. Log or event attribute suppressions prevent matching events from new signals and updated existing signals, making them the recommended approach to reliably exclude specific activity.
```

Author: It was referring to the Logs/event suppression. What about: `making this approach the recommended one...`?

Author: Applied — split the sentence and clarified "them" → "making this approach the recommended one" in 1c968e3c90
